good morning it's 8 a.m. right now and
I'm on my way to cook breakfast and yeah
I'll take you from my deck at LPC today
so yeah let's go to the canteen
[Music]
okay so every morning we can have
cereals or
breakfast what I do good morning please
thank you thanks okay so I just
happiness class and I'm going to the
library because I have a free blog
because my bio class got canceled
because only D Center level students and
free and giya HLS has to go see the
library
[Music]
I'm just studying in the library I'm
giving to my history class right now and
yeah then I already have class over
because my math studies class and
doesn't have lunchbox
[Music]
I'm back in my room right now and it is
120 so normally I would have had class
until 114 but today I was really lucky I
only had two classes at my morning block
English then I had a free blog because
my bio class was canceled and then I had
history and normally I would have had
maps before lunch
but I'm a mathematical studies so we
usually get there before lunch block off
and our teacher tells us if we should
come for an optional class in case we
need help with anything but it looks
like we're fine right now so we all had
lunch earlier and lunch here starts at
12:15 and the history class that I was
in before ends at 12:25 so yeah you can
just go off to lunch have an early lunch
and then you can use them after time
study or nap or whatever so yeah I'm
gonna do some homework now and then I'm
gonna go to my QC which stands for at
once I and Mike you see today is mu n so
Ultron says our extracurricular
activities and in Model United Nations
we everybody gets a delegation and then
we pretend to be part of the UN
committee and we have a debates about
certain things and then we write
resolutions and stuff and yeah it's
really cool because you really
understand like why certain things in
the UN happen or why ever things don't
happen and you learn a lot about the
world because you will never get to
represent your own country so you always
learn about another country stance or
something yeah so I'm really excited for
that I'm not sure if I'm going to film
in that session though because we're
really only writing resolutions right
now so it's not really interesting but
we'll see yeah
now I gotta do some homework
[Music]
so I just finished my QC on think of one
well we took our QC square for a
yearbook so we have to submit a picture
that we're in it yeah now I'm gonna go
back to my room our way looks like
better way so like we have like ways to
connect like all the blocks so this
one's des way to the canteen which I
walked in the morning and now I'm going
to my block I live in block wants them
the closest that you can possibly be to
the academic block and the canteen
[Music]
okay we have soup salad
Chloe what are you getting
then we have agent
I'm back in my room just had dinner and
after you spent like almost dinner
because I was talking to another girl
and yeah I don't know we just kept like
talking about politics and it was just
really great so yeah we just stayed
behind and I kept talking and like about
like anything that's going on right now
it's it was really cool and she's a
global student as well global cents for
gold politics so yeah we just had so
much fun yeah I kind of got caught up in
it um that's okay so yeah now it's 7:30
and I got to work a bit um probably
gonna study because I have my mock exams
coming up really soon and yeah then I
finished most of my homework so it's
fine and after that I'm gonna have block
meeting which actually starts at 8:00 so
I'm gonna continue working after that
block meeting is where we just like talk
about anything is going on in our
residence and people can make
announcement like for example if you
were organizing I don't know brunch or
whatever you can then say and then
people show up and yeah that's probably
gonna last like 20 minutes 40 minutes
ish we have that once a week and that's
the only time you have check-in at 8:00
and normally we have it at 9:00 and on
the weekends we don't have check-in and
you can stay out till 11:00 or yell
exceptions so yeah I'm gonna end this
now um it was a really interesting
experience I guess yeah and I hope you
guys enjoyed this it was really hard
walking around with this camera link I'm
really grateful to all the teachers who
helped me film this and let me film
their classes thank you guys and thanks
to the students who also were okay with
me filming in I hope this helps some of
the people who are going to attend LPC
in the future or if you're thinking
about joining you know au CC in general
I mean I guess what you can see is it's
really a school at the end of the day
but of course there are some things that
just make it different I guess and those
are necessarily you know things that you
can really capture on camera
like for example me just talking one
half hour
that girl right now and a canteen it's
something really special because I'm
talking to a Hong Kong girl who's a
totally different perspective you know
what she's experienced in life in
politics and it's really really cool to
learn about you know how she sees some
of the things going on in the world and
then how I see them so yeah it's little
moments that make it different and
they're hard to capture but I guess when
you come into a uwc you'll see what I
mean and if you currently the process of
applying best of luck if you have any
questions feel free to write me a
message for my blog I'm gonna put it
down in the description box just click
on the link and I'll get back to you and
thank you to all the people who left
really nice comments on my last video
that was really really nice to eat yes
thank you guys